Explain cron format for pruning schedules (#556)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/3.0.0/docs/canton/usermanual/pruning.rst

Author: (yup, there it is)

Author: Done in 0bac6d78ab067001bffafeaa684ea4b6d3f0d100

should should not be wildcards (`*`) as illustrated in the examples above. If the hour field is fixed, so should the
fields for minute and second.

Schedule Format
---------------

The format used to describe cron expression consists of 7 whitespace-separated fields:

1. seconds
2. minutes
3. hours
4. day-of-month
5. month
6. day-of-week
7. year (optional)

Each field has a set of valid values:
* seconds and minutes must be a number between ``0`` and ``59``
* hours must be a number between ``0`` and ``23``
* day of the month must be a number between ``1`` and ``31``
* month must be either
  * a number between ``0`` and ``11`` (with ``0`` being January), or
  * the first three letters of the month name (``JAN``, ``FEB``, ``MAR``, ...)
* day of the week must be either

>   * a number between ``1`` and ``7`` (with ``11`` being Sunday), or

Reviewer: I think there's an extra `1` here (probably habituated from all the double-backtics 😄 )

```suggestion
  * a number between ``1`` and ``7`` (with ``1`` being Sunday), or
```

should should not be wildcards (`*`) as illustrated in the examples above. If the hour field is fixed, so should the
fields for minute and second.

> Schedule Format

Author: I'm a fan of sentence case. :) I like the change, I find it _way_ easier to enforce than the one with a few levels of title case before switching to sentence case.

Although it's not as easy to remember and enforce as always using sentence case. 😃 (jk)

---------------

The format used to describe cron expression consists of 7 whitespace-separated fields:

> #. seconds
> #. minutes
> #. hours
> #. day-of-month
> #. month
> #. day-of-week
> #. year (optional)
> 
> Each field has a set of valid values:
> 
> * seconds and minutes must be a number between ``0`` and ``59``
> 
> * hours must be a number between ``0`` and ``23``
> 
> * day of the month must be a number between ``1`` and ``31``
> 
> * month must be either
> 
>   #. a number between ``0`` and ``11`` (with ``0`` being January), or
> 
>   #. the first three letters of the month name (``JAN``, ``FEB``, ``MAR``, ...)
> 
> * day of the week must be either
> 
>   #. a number between ``1`` and ``7`` (with ``1`` being Sunday), or
> 
>   #. the first three letters of the weekday name (``SUN``, ``MON``, ``TUE``, ...)
> 
> * year must be a number between ``1900`` and ``2099``

Reviewer 2: I suggest using a table:

```suggestion
.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 70
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Field
     - Type and valid values\*
   * - seconds
     - number from ``0`` to ``59``
   * - minutes
     - number from ``0`` to ``59``
   * - hours
     - number from ``0`` to ``23``
   * - day of the month
     - number from ``1`` to ``31``
   * - month
     - number from ``0`` to ``11`` (``0`` = January) 
       |br|
       **or** 
       |br|
       the first three letters of the month name (``JAN``, ``FEB``, ``MAR``, ...)
   * - day of the week
     - number from ``1`` to ``7`` (``1`` = Sunday) 
       |br|
       **or** 
       |br|
       the first three letters of the day name (``SUN``, ``MON``, ``TUE``, ...)
   * - year
     - number from ``1900`` to ``2099``

*\*Ranges specified with "to" are inclusive of both endpoints.*
```

It should look like this:
<img width="809" alt="Screenshot 2023-12-03 at 7 01 25 PM" src="https://github.com/digital-asset/docs.daml.com/assets/139921049/a6496846-3832-45c7-affe-6de0d6dda189">

Reviewer 2: If you decide not to keep the table, I'm happy to re-edit to apply the other changes in a list or narrative format. Just let me know. 

See the comment at the top of the page for the line break substitution I used (the table won't work without it).

Author: I'm happy to keep the table, but the information that the year is optional went missing in the editing, I'll apply the changes as you suggested them and suggest an edit for you to judge after that. 🙇🏻‍♂️

> Note that while a day-of-month value might be valid by the definition above, it might not exist at all (like the
> 31st of November). If you set a schedule to tick every month on the 31st, every month with less than 31 days will
> be skipped.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that although a day-of-the-month value might be valid according to the above definition, it might not correspond to an actual date in certain months (such as the
31st of November). If you schedule pruning for the 31st of the month, every month with fewer than 31 days will
be skipped.
```

> 
> You can construct lists and ranges of values. For example, the day of the week could be a range like ``MON-FRI``
> to refer to the days Monday through Friday, or ``TUE,FRI`` to refer to Tuesday or Friday exclusively, or a mix of
> both, for example ``MON,WED-FRI``, meaning "Monday and Wednesday through Friday".
> 
> The ``*`` character is called a wildcard and it means "all possible values" (compare it with the example above, where
> the wildcard character in the month position means "every month").
> 
> The ``?`` character can be used in either the day-of-month and day-of-week fields, so that either field can be used
> freely. For example, if you want to specify "every Monday at noon", the ``?`` character can be used to mean that you
> don't want to restrict the day-of-month as follows: ``0 0 12 ? * MON``.
> 
> The ``/`` character can be applied to numeric values to specify increments. For example, ``1/2`` in the hours
> field it means "every two hours starting from 1 AM", i.e 1 AM, 3 AM, 5 AM, etc..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Advanced schedule formatting
****************************

* You can construct **lists and ranges** of values. For example, the day of the week could be a range like ``MON-FRI`` to refer to the days Monday through Friday, or ``TUE,FRI`` to refer to Tuesday and Friday exclusively. Or you could use a mix of both, for example, ``MON,WED-FRI``, meaning "Monday, and also Wednesday through Friday."
* Use the **asterisk** (``*``) as a wildcard that means "all possible values."
* Use the **question mark** (``?``) as a wildcard that means "any value" in the day-of-the-month and day-of-the-week fields. For example, to specify "every Monday at noon," use the ``?`` character to indicate that any day of the month is valid: ``0 0 12 ? * MON``
* To apply **increments** to numeric values, use the slash character (``/``). For example, a value of ``1/2`` in the hours field means "every two hours starting from 1 AM" (1 AM, 3 AM, 5 AM, ...).

```

It should look like this:

<img width="777" alt="Screenshot 2023-12-03 at 7 08 46 PM" src="https://github.com/digital-asset/docs.daml.com/assets/139921049/12517f0c-1e6b-42cc-8173-456d53c1707e">

> Here are a few examples of valid schedules:
> 
> * ``0 30 * * * *``: every hour at half past
> * ``0 5/15 12,18-20 * * *``: every fifteen minutes, starting from five past, at noon and from 6 to 8 PM
> * ``0 5/15 12,18-20 ? * MON,THU``: same as above, but only on Monday and Thursday
> * ``0 0 22 1 * ?``: every first day of the month at 10 PM

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here are some examples of valid schedules:

* ``0 30 * * * *`` — Every hour at half past
* ``0 5/15 12,18-20 * * *`` — Every fifteen minutes, starting from five past, at noon and from 6 to 8 PM
* ``0 5/15 12,18-20 ? * MON,THU`` — Same as above, but only on Monday and Thursday
* ``0 0 22 1 * ?`` — Every first day of the month at 10 PM
```

> You can find the full documentation for the cron expression format here:
> https://logging.apache.org/log4j/2.x/javadoc/log4j-core/org/apache/logging/log4j/core/util/CronExpression.html.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about cron expressions, see the `Apache Log4j API documentation <https://logging.apache.org/log4j/2.x/javadoc/log4j-core/org/apache/logging/log4j/core/util/CronExpression.html>`_.
```

should should not be wildcards (`*`) as illustrated in the examples above. If the hour field is fixed, so should the
fields for minute and second.

Schedule format
---------------

Cron expressions are formatted as 7 whitespace-separated fields:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 70
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Field
     - Type and valid values\*
   * - seconds
     - number from ``0`` to ``59``
   * - minutes
     - number from ``0`` to ``59``
   * - hours
     - number from ``0`` to ``23``
   * - day of the month
     - number from ``1`` to ``31``
   * - month
     - number from ``0`` to ``11`` (``0`` = January) 
       |br|
       **or** 
       |br|
       the first three letters of the month name (``JAN``, ``FEB``, ``MAR``, ...)
   * - day of the week
     - number from ``1`` to ``7`` (``1`` = Sunday) 
       |br|
       **or** 
       |br|
       the first three letters of the day name (``SUN``, ``MON``, ``TUE``, ...)

>    * - year

Reviewer 2: I think you can merge on your side?
